website: TF-153: Split core Terraform docs into "Language" and "CLI" (#26723)
hashicorp/terraform: website/docs/configuration/blocks/backends/index.html.md

---
layout: "language"
page_title: "Backend Overview - Configuration Language"
---

# Backends

Each Terraform configuration can specify a backend, which defines where
and how operations are performed, where [state](/docs/state/index.html)
snapshots are stored, etc.

The rest of this page introduces the concept of backends; the other pages in
this section document how to configure and use backends.

- [Backend Configuration](/docs/configuration/backend.html) documents the form

>   of a `backend` block, which is used to select and configure a backend for a

Author: ```suggestion
  of a `backend` block, which selects and configures a backend for a
```
